Updating documentation to reflect the changed outputs [VS-565] (#8014)
broadinstitute/gatk: scripts/variantstore/beta_docs/gvs-quickstart.md

The following files are stored in the workspace Google bucket and links to the files are written to the `sample_set` data table:

> - Sharded joint VCF files, index files, the interval lists produced for this run, and the sample name list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sharded joint VCF files, index files, the interval lists for each sharded VCF, and a list of the sample names included in the callset.
```

Thoughts?

Author: I'm fine with that verbiage, and in fact think it's better.  I can change it in gvs-quickstart.md and run-your-own-samples.md, as it's repeated in both places

Reviewer: Sounds good, thanks
